## What I Proposed
  I orginally proposed a sketch of moving shapes to resemble grass and ocean with a butterfly moving with the mouse! I had the idea that this would look kinda crazy as I wanted the circles to continue moving. I didnt intend for the butterfly to chnage colors but I came up with the idea during the creation of all of this. I think my final project resembles my proposal very very well. I didnt get the butterflys wings to move as I thought with the translucense of the background, which I already dont like that my butterfly also has a trail, I didn't want more trails from anohter moving object. I thought it would be too busy. It's pretty busy as is. As for everytthing else I like to think it is what I imagined.

  ## Problems I Ran Into
  I ran into a couple of problems. I had a hard time figuring out what background would create trails for the ovals so it would look more fliud in movement. I eventually had to research online and found a good number to create trails. With this same trails problem, I didn't want my butterfly to trail but I have no idea how to change that. If the background is already translucent, everythign on top will also trail. Maybe I was wrong in leaving it to trail and there is a way to fix it. It was really hard for me to ficure out movment of the circle and this was all based on a trial and error sequence, figuring out where they should go and what they should do. How they spin, how much I wanted to go in a circle, where I wanted them, all of these componenet were based on a trial and error phase. A couple small problems I ran into were based on mousecicked, it seemed I couldnt get it to work, I had to move the formula around and rewrite it a few times to ge the correct values in place.

## Other Thoughts
  I think that I should have made a more intraciate project for the final. I thought when I proposed it, it would end up being a lot more interesting than it actually ended up looking like. Although I followed the proposal I had, I wish I had done soemthing more. I think that was the hardest part, was coming up with a random idea to create. I love the idea of complementary things. My idea with this is water and land, but also you will notice the butterfly changes color with click also. These colors are complementary colors. I thought it would look cool. Overall I like what i created. It was fun to learn new things on my own with all the previous knowledge of this class. If I had tried to learn all of this class on my own without the guidance we were given, it would have been a disaster!!!
